Okay,
guys.
And welcome to this section.
Now,
technically,
this is a student.
Questions answered.
John has a particular issue that he needs to solve.
What he has is literally dozens and dozens and dozens of computer generated files,
all Excel files and in particular folder on.
What he needs to do is he wants to build a master data set.
And obviously,
each week or each month,
new files are added to this particular folder and he just wants toe add them all to the
bottom of his existing data set.
Now,
to be honest,
if you have one or two files with one or two tabs,
you could probably do this manually in a couple of minutes.
But if you literally have no say five or six files,
but they have 50 or 60 tubs or maybe you have 100 files on the each have 50 tabs.
This could take you weeks,
and that's exactly what this particular piece of code does.
So what we're gonna do is this is basically the file.
You can download a zoo,
always get your code.
Here is the code that we go through a particularly slow computer today.
This is the code that we go through in this particular section on this is the file.
The mass data get Iraq.
What we can do is hit the get data before I actually click,
get data and cancel that for a second.
Cancel.
Okay,
there the header traps.
They work.
Anyway,
you can also download all of these files.
No,
basically,
it's just made up data.
We've got eight files,
2016 11 Eastern northern,
sudden in Western on the same for 2012.
And each of these files has a specific data set in there.
So it may have just shop one it may have shop to on three.
Or it may have shot 12 and three or any variation.
That's just completely random data.
And this is the data that we want to pull.
Now,
what we could do is loop through every single file in this folder and extract all the data
named in the tubs that we specify in which sheets.
So it could be the judge.
You actually just want to grab all the data for shop to,
in which case you would just center shop to in here and it will ignore all the others.
Or it could be that you just want to say I just want to pull all the files that have the
word west or Western in there,
or Southern or 2016 11 whatever it is.
So let's just run the code and you can see what it does.
So you will get this customized folder pick as saying,
Please select the folder containing the files you want to import and then we're going to
click Demo,
which is where those files live.
Hit.
Select folder.
Please enter the unique string of the fouls you want to open.
So open files containing the word on.
What do we want to say?
We want to say,
Let's have a look at a seven Look at 2016.
12 we hit Okay,
but number,
number dump and they go.
It's just opened every file that said 2016 12 in its title and has extracted all the data
for any sheet named Shop one Shop two or Shop three and just dropped them all in here.
So obviously,
when we get 2017 January or we need to do is hit the button again on then tie 2017.
01 And all of that data will be pasted underneath.
And that's what we're gonna have a look at in this little section here.
OK,
so enjoy.
And I'll see you in the next lecture.